This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £747 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s an established multi-annual mix of seed-bearing crops and flower species which: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: This is a ‘limited area’ action. The total eligible area you enter into any combination of one of more of the ‘limited area’ actions must not be more than 25% of the total agricultural area of your farm. Read section 1.3 ‘SFI actions with a limited area’ for more information. Part of the available area in a land parcel. If you’re establishing a new area of bumblebird mix to meet this action, the action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. If you’re maintaining an existing area of bumblebird mix, this action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish a bumblebird mix as a block or strip on land entered into this action. You must use a seed mix which includes at least both: Once the bumblebird mix block or strip is established, you must maintain it. To do this, you must manage it in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must not apply pesticides, except for herbicides to weed wipe or spot treat to control injurious weeds, invasive non-native species, nettles or bracken. You can maintain an existing bumblebird mix block or strip to get paid for this action if it: If you’re establishing a new bumblebird mix block or strip to meet this action, you must: If you’re maintaining an existing bumblebird mix block or strip to meet this action, you must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.