This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £660 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there are fallow cultivated margins or plots with: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: This is a ‘limited area’ action. The total eligible area you enter into any combination of one of more of the ‘limited area’ actions must not be more than 25% of the total agricultural area of your farm. Read section 1.3 ‘SFI actions with a limited area’ for more information and a list of the ‘limited area’ actions. Part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must create a fallow margin or plot by cultivating it in the spring or autumn in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must manage the fallow cultivated margin or plot in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must not: You can use an existing cultivated fallow margin or plot to get paid for this action if it: You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to create the fallow margin or plot, you must create it within 12 months of its start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do the action until the end of the summer months or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.