This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £11 per plot per year (minimum 2 plots per hectare (ha)) This action’s aim is that there are fallow plots for nesting skylarks within a winter cereal crop, until the crop is harvested in the summer. The purpose of this is to provide skylarks with suitable nesting habitats in winter cereal crops throughout their breeding season. You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: You must not do this action on land that’s bounded by tree lines or adjacent to woods, unless the land parcel is larger than 10ha. This is because it increases the risks of predator attack. Not applicable – you’ll apply per plot (minimum 2 plots per ha). This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: During the autumn and winter, you must create fallow plots within a winter cereal crop. For each land parcel where you do this action, there must be at least 2 plots per ha of winter cereal crop you’re growing. For example, if you’re growing 10ha of winter cereal crop in a land parcel, there must be at least 5 plots. You must make sure that the plots are large enough to meet this action’s action. This will usually mean they need to be at least 3m wide and around 16 square metres in area. You must retain the fallow plots until the winter cereal crop is harvested in the summer. You must not locate the fallow plots in tramlines, boundaries or margins, as this increases risk of attacks on skylark nests by predators. You can maintain an existing skylark plot to get paid for this action if it: You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late to establish the skylark plot, you must do this within 12 months of this action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until the winter cereal crop is harvested, or this action’s end date whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep written evidence that land entered into this action is not at risk of soil erosion or surface runoff. You can use the soil management plan produced for CSAM1 or SAM1 to identify this. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.