This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £1,072 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s an open-structured, spring cereal crop which: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: This is a ‘limited area’ action. The total eligible area you enter into any combination of one of more of the ‘limited area’ actions must not be more than 25% of the total agricultural area of your farm. Read section 1.3 ‘SFI actions with a limited area’ for more information. Part of the available area in a land parcel. This is a rotational or static action – this means you can either: You must sow a spring cereal crop (not maize) in strips or plots at a seed rate that’s reduced to a level that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. As long as this action’s aim can reasonably be expected to be achieved, you can: Once the cereal crop is established, you must manage it in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must not apply: You must not apply herbicides apart from those containing the following permitted active ingredients: It may not be possible for you to use these permitted active ingredients on all eligible crops for this action. It’s your responsibility to confirm whether herbicides are approved for use on the affected crop. You can use an existing spring cereal crop to get paid for this action if it: You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late to establish the cereal crop, you must sow it within 12 months of this action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do the action until the end of the winter months or this action’s end date whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.