This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £707 per hectare (ha) per year – calculate the hectarage by: This action’s aim is that there’s a grass buffer strip on land at risk of soil erosion or surface runoff, which: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must establish and maintain a grass strip that’s: You must make sure the grass strip is in addition to any regulatory requirements relating to buffer strips. Once the grass strip is established, you must manage it in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. During late summer, after the bird breeding season, you must cut part of the grass strip’s width next to the edge of the crop or fallow land. You must do this along as much of the strip’s length as possible. This is to provide some shorter vegetation and a range of habitat types. You must not do the following on the established grass strip: You can maintain an existing grass strip to get paid for this action if it: You must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep written evidence that land entered into this action is at risk of soil erosion or surface runoff. You can use the soil management plan produced for CSAM1 or SAM1 to identify this. You must also keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6. ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.