This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £295 per hectare (ha) per year - calculate the hectarage by: This action’s aim is that there’s an uncultivated, naturally regenerated grass buffer which: The purpose of this is to: To be eligible for this action, the tree can be alive or dead. It must: You can do this action on eligible trees on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: To qualify as intensive grassland, the land must be receiving more than 100kg per ha per year of nitrogen as an artificial compound fertiliser, animal manures or slurries. Part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must: The grass buffer area around the in-field tree must be wide enough that it can reasonably be expected to protect the tree’s roots. The width that’s likely to achieve this will depend on the tree’s diameter breast height (DBH). This means the grass buffer around the in-field tree will usually be at least: Once the grass buffer is established, you must maintain it in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must not: You can maintain an existing grass buffer around an in-field tree to get paid for this action if it: You must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.