This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £10 per 100 metres (m) for both sides of an eligible hedgerow per year This action’s aim is that there are hedgerow trees maintained or established. The purpose of this is to provide: An eligible hedgerow for this action must be: The hedgerow can be: There can be gaps in the hedgerow if they’re not more than: If the gaps add up to more than 10%, you can only do the action on the total length of the hedgerow if you’ll plant up the gaps during this action’s 3-year duration. You can apply for Capital Grants for hedgerow gapping up (BN7) and planting new hedges (BN11) to help you do this. You can only do this action on both sides of an eligible hedgerow. This means you must have management control of both sides of the hedgerow. You can enter both sides of a roadside hedgerow, or a hedgerow that borders a neighbour’s land, if you meet both of the following: Not applicable, as this is a linear action – you can choose what length of eligible hedgerows to enter into this action. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must make sure there’s an average of at least 1 hedgerow tree per 100m over the total length of hedgerows entered into this action. This means some 100m lengths can contain no trees, as long as you meet this average. You can do this action by: To establish a new hedgerow tree, you must either: You must identify each newly established hedgerow tree by tagging it or using another method to identify it clearly, so it can be avoided when managing the hedgerow. You can include dead and dying trees when counting how many hedgerow trees are in a given length of hedgerow. This decaying wood can provide a habitat for invertebrates, nesting birds and bats. This does not include newly planted tree saplings that die before they become established. You must not damage the hedgerow trees, or cut them unless there’s a clear need, for example: You must have done this action by the end of this action’s 3-year duration, so it meets the requirements explained above. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options in land parcels with eligible boundaries entered into this action. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.