This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £5 per 100 metres (m) for one side of an eligible hedgerow per year This action’s aim is that you: An eligible hedgerow for this action must be: The hedgerow can be: There can be gaps in the hedgerow if they’re not more than: If the gaps add up to more than 10%, you can only do the action on the total length of the hedgerow if you’ll plant up the gaps during this action’s 3-year duration. You can apply for Capital Grants for hedgerow gapping up (BN7) and planting new hedges (BN11) to help you do this. You can do this action on either one side or both sides of an eligible hedgerow. You must have management control of one or both sides, depending on what you enter into this action. You can enter both sides of a roadside hedgerow, or a hedgerow that borders a neighbour’s land, if you meet both of the following: Not applicable, as this is a linear action. You can choose what length of eligible hedgerows to enter into this action. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must: If you’ve already assessed these hedgerows and produced a written hedgerow condition assessment record in the last 5 years, you can use it to get paid for this action. You must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required written record of your hedgerow condition assessment. It can be recorded on paper or digitally. You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options in land parcels with eligible boundaries entered into this action. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.