This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £13 per 100 metres (m) for one side of an eligible hedgerow per year This action’s aim is that there are managed hedgerows with a range of different heights and widths. The purpose of this is to provide: An eligible hedgerow for this action must be: The hedgerow can be: There can be gaps in the hedgerow if they’re not more than: If the gaps add up to more than 10%, you can only do the action on the total length of the hedgerow if you’ll plant up the gaps during this action’s 3-year duration. You can apply for Capital Grants for hedgerow gapping up (BN7) and planting new hedges (BN11)  to help you do this. You can do this action on either one side or both sides of an eligible hedgerow unless you’re managing a fully established hedgerow in a coppicing or laying rotation. In this case, you must enter both sides of the hedgerow. You must have management control of one or both sides, depending on what you enter into this action. You can enter both sides of a roadside hedgerow, or a hedgerow that borders a neighbour’s land, if you meet both of the following: Not applicable, as this is a linear action. You can choose what length of eligible hedgerows to enter into this action. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must manage hedgerows entered into this action. What you must do to manage them depends on whether they’re: If the hedgerows are fully established, you must use one of the following management approaches (you can use different approaches on different fully established hedgerows): If the hedgerows are newly planted, or not fully established, you must lightly trim them incrementally. You must do this until they’re fully established. For fully established hedgerows, if you’re cutting them: For newly planted hedgerows, or hedgerows which are not fully established, you must lightly trim them incrementally: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options in land parcels with eligible boundaries entered into this action. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.