This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £55 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s companion crop growing with a main arable or horticultural crop. The purpose of this is to do one or more of the following: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: For land above the moorland line, you can do MOR1 to complete a survey to identify, assess and record the soil, vegetation and historic and archaeological features. Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish a companion crop on land entered into this action, so it’s growing with the main arable or horticultural crop. The companion crop does not have to be present for the full growing period of the arable or horticultural crop, as long as it’s managed in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve the action’s aim and its intended purpose. You can establish the companion crop by: You must avoid growing deep rooted species of companion crop on any area within a land parcel with historic or archaeological features identified in your HEFER. Read section 5.6 ‘Land with historic or archaeological features’ for more information. You can use an existing companion crop to get paid for this action if it meets this action’s requirements. You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. For example, if you’ve already sown the main arable and horticultural crop before this action starts, you can establish the companion crop within 12 months of this action’s start date. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.