This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £45 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that no plant protection products containing insecticide are applied on an arable crop or permanent crops. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. For arable crops (including non-permanent horticultural crops) this action is rotational. This means you can either: For permanent crops, this action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must not apply any plant protection products containing insecticide on land entered into this action. Insecticide includes: You can apply herbicides, fungicides or plant growth regulators. If the land is being used to grow arable crops (including non-permanent horticultural crops), you must do this action on one ‘cash crop’ from when it’s sown until it’s harvested. A ‘cash crop’ means a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use. For the purposes of this action, an arable crop includes: You can choose which arable crop to do this action on, but it must not be: If something happens which means you cannot complete this action, you must tell the Rural Payments Agency about this in writing as soon as possible. Read section 13.2 ‘What you must do if you cannot comply with your agreement’. For arable crops, you must do this action on at least one crop that’s sown during each year of this action’s 3-year duration. You can harvest it in a subsequent year of this action’s duration if you sow the next crop for this action in the same year. This means you must do this action on a crop that’s sown during: If you’re already growing an arable crop on the land entered into this action when the action starts, you must do this action on a crop that’s sown within 12 months of the action’s start date. For permanent crops, you must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of this action’s 3-year duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. (*the other Arable CS options not contained in the table above prohibit the use of insecticides as part of the CS option, so cannot be located on the same area as CIPM4 as they’re either incompatible or you’d be paid twice for doing the same activity) If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.