This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £10.60 per hectare (ha) per year and £272 per SFI agreement per year This action’s aim is that you understand how your moorland contributes to providing environmental benefits and how it could provide more in the future. You can do this action on land located above the moorland line that’s: You cannot enter land above the moorland line into this action if: Total available area in a land parcel. This is a static action. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must complete a survey to identify, assess and record the soil, vegetation and historic and archaeological features across the moorland area entered into this action. To complete the survey, you must: At each sample point, you must identify, assess and record: You must use the information you’ve collected during your survey of the moorland to identify and record: These environmental benefits include carbon storage, water storage and flow, biodiversity and heritage. You can use a survey you’ve previously done of your moorland to get paid for this action if it: Within 12 months of this action’s start date you must: In each subsequent year of this action’s duration, you must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep a written record of your: You must supply this evidence when we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.