This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £593 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s an established legume fallow with plants that: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. If you’re establishing a new legume fallow to meet this action, the action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. If you’re maintaining an existing legume fallow, this action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish a legume fallow on land entered into this action. You must use a seed mix which contains at least 6 flowering species, including legumes. The seed mix can contain legumes such as: The seed mix can also include: You must avoid growing deep rooted legumes, such as lucerne, on any area in a land parcel that contains historic or archaeological features. These are identified in your HEFER. Once the legume fallow is established (usually from the second spring after sowing), you must maintain it. To do this, you must manage it in a way, and for a period of time, that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must not do the following on the established legume fallow: You can maintain an existing legume fallow to get paid for this action if it: If you’re establishing a new legume fallow to meet this action, you must: If you’re maintaining an existing legume fallow to meet this action, you must: If you want to establish a legume fallow in the spring and remove it in the summer during the same year, you should apply for spring-sown or summer-sown cover crops actions (SOH2 or SOH3). It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.