This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £102 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there are legumes growing from spring until early autumn. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish and maintain legumes on improved grassland entered into this action. You can use one or more type of legume, such as: You can establish the legumes by: Once established, you must maintain the legumes. To do this, you must manage them in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You can maintain existing areas of legumes on improved grassland to get paid this action if they: If you’re doing this action on the same area of land for this action’s 3-year duration, you must: If you’re rotating this action around your farm, each year of your SFI agreement you must do it for a period of time that could reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.