This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £652 for the assessment and review report per year This action’s aim is that you assess your current approach to nutrient usage and effectively plan how to: You can do this action on all agricultural land located below the moorland line. The nutrient management (NM) assessment and review report should cover all of the relevant areas of your farm. This is an ‘agreement level’ SFI action. This means you apply to include it in your agreement instead of entering specific areas of land. You can only apply for this action: Not applicable as this is an agreement level SFI action. Not applicable as this is an agreement level SFI action. You must arrange for a member of the BASIS Professional Register who’s qualified under the Fertiliser Advisers Certification and Training Scheme (a ‘FACTS qualified adviser’) to visit your farm to: You must make sure that the FACTS qualified adviser does what’s required above. If you’re a FACTS qualified adviser, as defined above, you can complete this action yourself. You can use an existing written NM review report, informed by an NM assessment, to get paid for this action if it was: If you need to take soil samples on areas within a land parcel containing historic or archaeological features, including scheduled monuments, you must follow the requirements explained in section 5.6 ‘Land with historic or archaeological features’. You must make sure that a FACTS qualified adviser visits your farm to: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep: You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.