This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £129 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s a multi-species cover crop that’s: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish a multi-species cover crop on land entered into this action which will not be harvested as a ‘cash crop’. A ‘cash crop’ means a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use. You must establish the multi-species cover crop early enough so it can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must use a seed mix that contains at least 2 species from 2 or more the following plant families: You must maintain the multi-species cover crop over the winter months in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You can graze the cover crop with livestock, but it must still be well-established over the winter months. For the purposes of this action’s aim, the cover crop will be well-established if there’s: If something happens which means you cannot complete this action, you must tell the Rural Payments Agency about this in writing as soon as possible. For example, if the multi-species cover crop is not sufficiently well-established to protect the soil surface for the duration of the winter months because there’s prolonged adverse weather. You must not do the following on the well-established cover crop: If you’re establishing an early-sown spring crop, you may destroy the multi-species cover crop before the end of the winter months. You must not do this more than 6 weeks before you establish the early-sown spring crop. When you destroy the multi-species cover crop, you should try to minimise risks such as compaction, poaching, soil runoff or erosion. You can maintain an existing multi-species cover crop to get paid for this action if it: You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until the end of the winter months, or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. See Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.