This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £382 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s an established herbal ley which: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. If you’re establishing a new herbal ley to meet this action, the action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. If you’re maintaining an existing herbal ley, this action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish an herbal ley with a mixture of grass, legumes and herbs on land entered into this action. You must use a seed mix which includes at least all of the following: If you’re establishing a herbal ley on land identified by you as being at risk of soil erosion or runoff, you must use establishment techniques which minimise the risk of soil erosion or runoff. You can use the soil management plan produced for CSAM1 (or SAM1) to identify this land. See action CSAM1 for more information. Once the herbal ley is established, you must maintain it. To do this you must manage it in a way, and for a period of time, that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. You must minimise use of inorganic fertilisers containing nitrogen. Usually, this will be no more than around 40kg of nitrogen per ha per year. You must not use the established herbal ley for storage or apply pesticides on it, except: You can maintain an existing herbal ley to get paid for this action if it: If you’re establishing a new herbal ley to meet this action, you must: If you’re maintaining an existing herbal ley to meet this action, you must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.