This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £6 per hectare (ha) per year and £97 per SFI agreement per year This action’s aim is that you: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: For land above the moorland line, you can do CMOR1 to complete a survey to identify, assess and record the soil, vegetation and historic and archaeological features. Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must: You can use the following to get paid for this action: To test the SOM for small land parcels, you can combine them into a single sample area if the soil type and past management is similar. This means you can take soil from each land parcel and combine it into a single sample to test the SOM. If you need to take soil samples on areas within a land parcel containing historic or archaeological features, including scheduled monuments, you must follow the requirements explained in section 5.6: ‘Land with historic or archaeological features’ of the SFI scheme guidance. To help improve national data on the condition of England’s soils, Defra or the RPA may ask you to provide some information about your soil assessment and SOM testing results during this action’s 3-year duration. This data is one of the public goods that this action is paying for and part of wider government measures in relation to our soils policy and strategy. We’ll publish guidance on GOV.UK about what information is needed and how to supply it. For the soil assessment and soil management plan, you must: For the SOM testing, each year of this action’s 3-year duration you must: If the timing meets the requirements above, you can do the SOM testing at the same time as your other routine soil testing required in the farming rules for water. If you enter land into this action which has not been tested for SOM within the last 5 years, you should try to do the SOM testing on that land during the first 12 months of your SFI agreement. If the laboratory that tests your soil samples does not have capacity to do the tests during the first 12 months of this action’s duration, you must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep: You must supply this evidence when we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6. ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.