This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. Same as base action £28 per hectare (ha) per year This supplemental action’s aim is that there’s a sward with a range of shorter and taller grasses. The purpose of this is to: You can only do this supplemental action on eligible land entered into the base action: CLIG3: Manage grassland with very low nutrient inputs. The land parcel must meet one of the following conditions: This is the same as the base action. This is the same as the base action. During the growing season, you must manage the sward in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. This includes lightly grazing it with cattle, or a combination of cattle and sheep. You must not cut the area for hay or silage. You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.