This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. Same as base action £59 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that an annual average of at least 60% of the grazing livestock units (GLU) on the grassland are cattle. The purpose of this is to: You can only do this supplemental action on eligible land that’s entered into one of the following base actions: Same as base action This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: Each year, an average of at least 60% of the GLU on land entered into the relevant base action must be cattle. You must keep a written stocking record for each land parcel entered into this action. The record must include: To convert livestock numbers into GLU, you must use the following values: Advice to help you calculate livestock densities will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must do this action each year of its duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required stocking record and supply this evidence if we ask for it. It can be recorded on paper or electronically. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.