This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. Same as base action £187 per hectare (ha) per year This supplemental action’s aim is that a crop of herb-rich hay is made, with wildflowers and grasses allowed to flower and set seed. The purpose of this is to: You can only do this supplemental action on eligible land located that’s entered into the following base action: CLIG3: Manage grassland with very low nutrient inputs. Same or less than the base action. This action is rotational or static. This means that after the first year of this action’s duration you can either: You must not graze or cut the sward for at least 9 weeks during the spring and summer months before you harvest the hay crop. This is to allow the sward to develop flowering grasses and wildflowers. You must allow the flowers and grasses to set seed. This will usually mean harvesting the hay crop no earlier than mid-July. You must: After you’ve removed the hay crop, you must manage the aftermath sward by either: You must do this action each year of its duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.