This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £5 per square metre (m2) per year – to calculate the area you must only include the area of the building’s ground floor, not any area from other floors or areas outside the building This action’s aim is that there are: The purpose of this is to: To be eligible for this action, the traditional farm or forestry building, or parts of a building, must: You must have management control of the eligible farm or forestry building for the 3-year duration of this action. You cannot do this action if the building: Not applicable, as you’ll enter the area in m2. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. To maintain the traditional farm or forestry building in good condition, you must: This includes fixtures, fittings and features such as mounting blocks and stack or stook bases. To make sure there are preserved and accessible features for bats, owls and kestrels, you must: You must produce: You must not: You must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep: You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.