This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 5 years £2,512 per hectare (ha) per year – you can only include the land area where you’ll do this action (not the area of water) You can calculate the hectarage by: This action’s aim is that there’s a designed or engineered historic waterbody with: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on land which contains an eligible designed or engineered water body and is: An eligible designed or engineered water body for this action must have an artificially retained area of open standing water. There may be associated structural water control features, such as leats and culverts. The following waterbodies are not eligible for this action: Part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must establish and maintain a permanently vegetated buffer strip that’s: You must maintain the buffer strip in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim, including: To maintain the structural features associated with the water body, you must: You must not: You can maintain an existing vegetated buffer strip to get paid for this action if it: You must: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required structures maintenance record. You must also keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.