This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £935 per tonne per year – maximum of 1 tonne of supplementary winter bird food (action AHW2) for every 2 hectares (ha) of winter bird food on arable and horticultural land (action CAHL2) This action’s aim is that from late winter until mid-spring there’s a mix of seeds spread on the ground at multiple feeding areas which are: The purpose of this is to provide seed-eating farmland birds with supplementary food when: You can only apply for this action if: If the land you’ve entered into CAHL2 is not ‘fully organic’ or ‘in conversion’ you must apply for AHW2 (supplementary winter bird food) instead. You must spread an organic winter supplementary feeding mix in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim, including: You must use a winter supplementary feeding seed mix that contains both: The small non-cereal seeds element must contain at least 3 of the following species: If organic seed is unavailable, you must apply to your organic control body for a derogation to use non-organic seed. You must not: You must keep a written ‘feeding diary’ which includes: You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until mid-spring, or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep: If organic seed is unavailable, and you apply to your organic control body for a derogation, you must keep evidence of this. You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Action OFA3: Supplementary winter bird food (organic land) has been amended from £732 per tonne to £935 per tonne. First published. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.