This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £380 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that by late spring there’s a cereal crop undersown with a grass or flower-rich legume ley. The purpose of this is to provide habitats that benefits animals, including invertebrates and birds that forage within the undersown cereal crop. You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: By late spring, you must undersow an autumn or spring sown cereal crop (not maize) with a grass or flower-rich legume ley. You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until late spring or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep a valid organic certificate and schedule for all land entered into this action. This must cover at least the full period of this action’s duration. You must also keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.