This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 1 year – you can apply for this action for a maximum of 2 consecutive years to cover the period of organic conversion £298 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that land managed as part of a crop rotation is converted from conventional management to organic management. The purpose of this is to increase the overall area of land registered and managed as organic. You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Land is not eligible for this action if you’ve previously: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. Not applicable – if you apply for this supplemental action for a second consecutive year you can either do it at: You must: You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of this action’s duration until the land is registered as ‘fully organic’. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: You must keep: You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.