This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £43 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that camera or remote sensing guided technology is used to apply systemic herbicides to control weeds, so they’re targeted precisely. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Camera recognition is currently available for: Remote sensing technology uses artificial intelligence to recognise new weeds. Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must apply systemic (contact) herbicides on land entered into this action using camera or remote sensing technology that: Systemic herbicides kill the whole weed, from leaf to root. You must only carry out a ‘blanket’ application of herbicides if you’re applying: A ‘blanket’ application means you apply herbicides uniformly across an area, rather than targeting the application to identified weeds. You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of its 3-year duration. You must follow this action’s requirements – these are identified by a ‘must.’ Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.