This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £101 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that non-mechanical robotic weeding technology is used to control weeds, so there’s minimal use of herbicides. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. For arable and non-permanent horticultural crops, including temporary grassland, this action is rotational. This means you can either: For permanent horticultural crops, this action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must control weeds on land entered into this action using a non-mechanical robotic weeder that: If the land is being used to grow arable or non-permanent horticultural crops, you must do this action on one crop from when it’s sown until it’s harvested. For the purposes of this action, an arable or non-permanent horticultural crop includes: You can choose which arable or non-permanent horticultural crop to do this action on, but it must be a ‘cash crop’. This means it’s a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use. You can apply residual herbicides to your chosen arable or non-permanent horticultural crop before the sown crop plants or weeds emerge (‘pre-emergence’). ‘Residual’ herbicides are long-lasting selective herbicides which control certain weed species without harming the crop. You must not use any other herbicides on land entered into this action. For arable or non-permanent horticultural crops, you must do this action on at least one crop that’s sown during each year of this action’s 3-year duration. You can harvest it in a subsequent year of this action’s duration if you sow the next crop for this action in the same year. This means you must do this action on a crop that’s sown during: If you’re already growing an arable or non-permanent horticultural crop on the land entered into this action when the action starts, you must do this action on a crop that’s sown within 12 months of the action’s start date. For grassland or permanent horticultural crops, you must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of this action’s 3-year duration. You must follow this action’s requirements – these are identified by a ‘must.’ Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.