This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £73 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that no-tillage (‘no-till’) farming techniques are used, so soil disturbance is minimised. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: You cannot do this action on land where you’re tilling narrow strips of soil to plant crops, leaving the areas between the rows untilled. This is known as ‘strip tillage’. Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must establish crops on land entered into this action using a ‘no-till’ direct drill or broadcasting equipment. For the purposes of this action: crops include ‘cash crops’, cover crops and temporary grassland (a ‘cash crop’ means a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use) direct drills include tine drills, disc drills and precision seed drills broadcasting equipment must have rearward facing tine harrows, for example, grass overseeders You must not use conventional or shallow min-till cultivation machinery (except for a stubble rake or straw harrow with rearward facing tines): Where necessary, you can carry out low disturbance subsoiling to reduce soil compaction during the crop rotation. For example, if there’s bad weather when you harvest the crop. You must keep evidence if you do this. Read section 13.2: ‘What you must do if you cannot comply with your agreement’. You must do this action: If there’s a crop in place when this action starts which does not meet this action’s requirements, you must do this action: It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. See section 6. ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.