This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £163 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s a well-established spring-sown multi-species cover crop that’s present either: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: You must establish a multi-species cover crop mix during the spring months (usually between March and May) which will not be harvested as a ‘cash crop’. A ‘cash crop’ means a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use. You must use a rapid growing seed mix that contains at least 4 species, this must include 2 species from two or more of the following plant families: The seed mix must not contain: You must maintain the multi-species cover crop in a way, and for a period of time, that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. For the purposes of this action’s aim, the cover crop will be well-established if there’s: You must not do the following on the well-established cover crop: When you destroy the cover crop, you should try to minimise risks such as compaction, poaching, soil runoff or erosion. If something happens which means you cannot complete this action, you must tell the RPA about this in writing as soon as possible. For example, if there’s prolonged adverse weather. Read section 13.2: ‘What you must do if you cannot comply with your agreement’. You must not use the following to meet this action: You can only use an existing multi-species cover crop to meet this action’s requirements if you overseed it. This includes a cover crop already paid for under an environmental land management scheme action, such as SAM2 (multi-species winter cover). You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until the next main crop is sown, or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6. ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.