This is an action in the expanded Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme. You must read the expanded SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £203 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s a cover crop on land, which: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: Total or part of the available area in a land parcel. This action is rotational or static. This means you can either: After harvesting a maize crop, you must establish a winter cover crop which will not be harvested as a cash crop. You must do this by either: A ‘cash crop’ means a crop grown to be harvested for commercial use. You must maintain the cover crop in a way, and for a period of time, that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim. For the purposes of this action’s aim, the cover crop will be well-established if there’s: You must not apply fertilisers or manures to the winter cover crop. When you destroy the cover crop, you should try to minimise risks such as compaction, poaching, soil runoff or erosion. If something happens which means you cannot complete this action, you must tell the Rural Payments Agency about this in writing as soon as possible. For example, if there’s prolonged adverse weather. Read section 13.2 ‘What you must do if you cannot comply with your agreement’. You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until the end of the winter months or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep written evidence that land entered into this action is not at risk of soil erosion or surface runoff. You can use the soil management plan produced for CSAM1 or SAM1 to identify this. You must also keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6. ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.