This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. Same as base action £7 per hectare (ha) per year This supplemental action’s aim is that at least 50% of the grazing livestock units (GLU) on moorland or lowland heathland habitats are rare native breeds of livestock. The purpose of this is to maintain or increase the number of rare native breed grazing livestock. You can only do this supplemental action on eligible land that you’re grazing with livestock, which is entered into one of the following base actions: This is the same as the base action. This is the same as the base action. Each grazing season, at least 50% of the total GLU on land entered into this action must be: Where relevant, the stocking density (total GLU) on land entered into this action must be as required in the applicable base action. To convert livestock numbers into GLU, you must use the following values: Advice to help you find out how to calculate the livestock density will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must produce the following written records: You must do this action each year of its duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you find out how to manage moorland or lowland heathland habitats with native breeds will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required written records and supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.