This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £66 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s a limited livestock density grazing on the moorland, so its habitat is maintained or enhanced alongside farming. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on land located above the moorland line that’s: If a land parcel is located above and below the moorland line, you can enter it into this action if: Farmyards or land used for turf or peat production are not eligible for this action. Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must make sure that the livestock density across the land entered into this action does not exceed 0.04 grazing livestock units (GLU) per ha at any time. To convert livestock numbers into GLU, you must use the following values: Advice to help you find out how to calculate the livestock density will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must not carry out supplementary feeding of livestock on land entered into this action, apart from mineral licks. At the start of each year of this action’s duration, you must produce a written stocking calendar for each land parcel entered into this action. The stocking calendar must show how you plan to meet this action’s requirements. It must include: If you manage several adjacent land parcels as one grazing unit, you can keep one stocking calendar for that grazing unit. You must include all the land parcel reference numbers which comprise that grazing unit. If something happens which means you cannot complete this action, you must tell the Rural Payments Agency (RPA) about this in writing as soon as possible. For example, if there are fodder supply issues, so you need to increase the stocking level. Read section 13.2 ‘What you must do if you cannot comply with your agreement’. You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of its 3-year duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required written stocking calendar and supply this evidence if we ask for it. It can be recorded on paper or electronically. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.