This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £43 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that livestock grazing on moorland is managed to avoid impacting features which are sensitive to damage from grazing, wherever possible. The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on land located above the moorland line that’s: If a land parcel is located above and below the moorland line, you can enter it into this action if: Farmyards or land used for turf or peat production are not eligible for this action. Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must remove all livestock, except resident ponies, from land entered into this action for at least 4 consecutive calendar months. ‘Resident ponies’ means ponies which are traditionally kept on the moorland, such as Dartmoor and Exmoor ponies. When the livestock are on the moorland, you must take reasonable steps to minimise their access to ‘sensitive features’ by: Sensitive features are areas on the moorland that can easily be damaged by grazing or poaching caused by livestock. They include: You must not carry out supplementary feeding of livestock on land entered into this action, apart from mineral licks. If you provide mineral licks, you must locate them on areas away from sensitive features. At the start of each year of this action’s duration, you must produce a written stocking and shepherding calendar for each land parcel entered into this action. The stocking and shepherding calendar must show how you plan to meet this action’s requirements, including: If you manage several adjacent land parcels as one grazing unit, you can keep one stocking and shepherding calendar for that grazing unit. You must include all the land parcel reference numbers which comprise that grazing unit. You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of its 3-year duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. You must keep the required written stocking and shepherding record and supply this evidence if we ask for it. It can be recorded on paper or electronically. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.