This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £4 per 100m for both sides This action’s aim is that there are ditches with: The purpose of this is to: An eligible ditch for this action must: You can only do this action on both sides of the entire length of an eligible ditch. This means you must have management control of both sides of the ditch. You can choose what length to enter. You can enter both sides of a ditch that borders a neighbour’s land if you meet both of the following conditions: You cannot do this action on ditches managed by third parties, such as Internal Drainage Boards. The following features are not eligible for this action: Not applicable, as this is a linear action. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must manage the ditch in a way that can reasonably be expected to achieve this action’s aim, including: To minimise disturbance to wildlife, you must only manage the ditch during the autumn, winter and early spring (usually September to late March). You must not re-profile or increase the width or depth of the ditch. You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: Advice to help you do this action will be published before applications are fully launched from summer 2024. It will not be part of this action’s requirements. Keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.