This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £115 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that, during the autumn and winter months, there’s intensive grassland next to a watercourse, with: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land which drains directly into a watercourse (stream, river or lake) that’s: Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must remove all livestock from the land for the duration of the autumn and winter months. This will usually be from early October until mid-March. For the purposes of this action, livestock includes cattle, sheep, goats, ponies and horses, as relevant. You must keep a written record of grazing activity on each land parcel entered into this action to show you’ve met the livestock removal period required by this action. You must do this action each year of its 3-year duration. If this action’s start date means it’s too late for you to do this action, you must start doing it within 12 months of the action’s start date. In the final year of this action’s duration, you must do this action until the end of the winter months, or this action’s end date, whichever is earlier. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: You must keep written evidence that land entered into this action is prone to waterlogging, compacting or poaching. You can use the soil management plan produced for CSAM1 or SAM1 for this if it identifies land that’s prone to: You must also keep the required written record of grazing activity. You must supply this evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.