This is an action in the Sustainable Farming Incentive (SFI) scheme: expanded offer for 2024. You must read the SFI scheme information to understand the scheme rules and how to apply. 3 years £396 per hectare (ha) per year This action’s aim is that there’s an intact grass sward throughout the year, with: The purpose of this is to: You can do this action on agricultural land located below the moorland line that’s: You must also meet one of the following conditions: You can use the nutrient management review report completed for CNUM1 or NUM1 (assess nutrient management and produce a review report) to show that you meet one of these conditions. Total available area in a land parcel. This action is static. This means you must do it at the same location each year of this action’s duration. You must: You must not do the following on the grassland: When you cut the grassland for hay or silage, you must not apply more than either: You must do this action from its start date, throughout each year of its 3-year duration. It’s up to you how you do this action, as long as you: You must keep evidence to show what you’ve done to complete this action, such as: If it’s not clear that you’ve done this action in a way that could reasonably be expected to achieve its aim, we may ask for this evidence. You must supply the evidence if we ask for it. You can do the following actions or options on the same area in a land parcel as this action. Some actions or options can only be done on the same area if they’re done at a different time of year to this action. For example, winter cover followed by a summer companion crop. Read ‘What to do’ and ‘When to do it’ to find out when this action must be done. If an action or option cannot be located on the same area, you may be able to do it on a different area in the same land parcel. Read section 6 ‘Eligible land in other funding schemes’ for more information. You can do the following actions or options on the eligible boundaries of a land parcel entered into this action: Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.